# Internationalization (i18n)

The Content Application provides support for the following languages:

- German (`de`)
- English (`en`)
- Spanish (`es`)
- French (`fr`)
- Italian (`it`)
- Japanese (`ja`)
- Norwegian (`nb`)
- Dutch (`nl`)
- Brazilian Portuguese (`pt-BR`)
- Russian (`ru`)

The fallback locale is the English one, however current browser language is taken as the default one automatically when the application starts.

## User-defined language

You can allow users to set custom language that gets saved to user preferences.
The main application menu already has the [ADF Language Menu](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components/blob/development/docs/language-menu.component.md) component integrated and pre-filled with the supported items.

To change the default language set edit the `app.config.json` file and add or remove items:

```json
{
    ...,
    "languages": [
        {
            "key": "de",
            "label": "German"
        },
        {
            "key": "en",
            "label": "English"
        },
        {
            "key": "es",
            "label": "Spanish"
        },
        ...
    ]
}
```

The file is located at the following path: `/src/app.config.json`.

## Custom languages

To add a custom language, add a new "JSON" file to the "/src/assets/i18n" folder
with the name of the target locale, for instance, a "de.json" for the "German".

Translate the resource strings based on the default "en.json" file.
You can copy the content over to your newly created file and replace English values with translated text.

```json
{
  "APP": {
    "SIGN_IN": "Anmelden",
    "SIGN_OUT": "Abmelden",
    "NEW_MENU": {
      "LABEL": "Neu",
      "MENU_ITEMS": {
        "CREATE_FOLDER": "Ordner erstellen",
        "UPLOAD_FILE": "Datei hochladen",
        "UPLOAD_FOLDER": "Ordner hochladen"
      },
      ...
    }
  },
  ...
}
```

The Content Application automatically bundles your file upon project build.
You can test your locale by changing the browser language settings and reloading the page.

Optionally, you can extend the [ADF Language Menu](https://github.com/Alfresco/alfresco-ng2-components/blob/development/docs/language-menu.component.md) component with the newly added language by updating the `app.config.json` file.
